shall I recall the candidates Australia
Japan Korea qatar the United States of
America the winner to organize the 222
fifa world cup is cata that is
astonishing expect amazing is their
slogan and a lot of people in the room
will be amazed
the inspection committee said some
elements of the guitar bid were risky in
that it will be a completely new world
cup set up all events will be within a
60 kilometer radius 22news stadia will
be erected around the world from those
stadia built for this world cup in qatar
apothecary and then demolished and they
will use the pieces from the stadia
around the world in third world nations
that one a lot of people over in the
room yesterday when they made the
presentation they will build initially
nine new stadium run of 83 once the
world cup is over they will take those
stadia doubt in kit form and we build up
and elsewhere this is amazing first
world cup finals to be staged in the
Arab work at are never qualify for the
world cup finals
have heard and read about allegations of
collusion between Qatar and Spain denied
by both nations Spain haven't made it
Spain and Portugal for 2018 qatar make
it the 2022 is a very impassioned
presentation yesterday by them there's
the shaker moza bint nasser al miss ned